Hey, good morning, family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
And Diana, we're so blessed to
have you all come on here and
pray with us today. We're going to go
over some things that the Lord showed me
yesterday in prayer. And boy, was
that a time of prayer. There are so
many prophetic words coming to pass so
quickly, and the Lord is downloading new
things
to the point where last night, whenever
it was over, I told Braden, I said,
'I was tired and I had to take a
break.'I
told him, I said, 'This
is amazing what the Lord is showing
us.'And
so, I want to go over some of those
things with y'all. But if you see what
was said about the passing of the crypto
today,
two or three major crypto bills were passed
today. And it was just like the Lord
said, and even when He said, 'I'm
warning you, it's about
privacy.'And
people go and people
say,
'Brandon, you know, they're able to
spy on us anyway.'No, I'm talking about how
they're able to reach into your cookie
jar and take your cookies.
I'm talking about them being able to
push the button on your crypto account
and completely lock you up,
without hardly any notice. Boop.
'Sorry, you don't have access to your
funds.'What
happened?
No control.
Setting up
constitutional rights
around crypto, but what it's doing is
it's bringing forth the beast system
where
you will not buy, sell, or trade
without the mark of the beast. Do most
of
you understand what I'm saying? You
will not buy, sell, or trade
without the mark of the beast. What is
digital currency? What is crypto? It's
all being set up for the end of the end,
for the beast system. Revelation is
unfolding right in front of your face,
and many people do not see it. And I
said, 'As we are distracted,
watch this hand.'He said, 'Watch this
hand.
All this stuff's going on—the Epstein
list, war, war, war. But
what's happening over here with this
hand?'And
the Lord said, 'Pay attention
to this. For in the night, in the middle
of the night, they're making laws;
they're doing these things.'Taylor
Greene came
on the show with the
other guy that was part of Trump's
people and said at night this
stuff was done. I'm very confused about
news,
the Genius Act. I thought there was a
deal made to make sure
that included was going to be the
central bank digital currency, that there'd
be no possibility of a
backdoor
to get that. So where are we?
Steve, let me explain something. In
1971, we went off of the gold standard.
The Federal Reserve did that, and we
went to a cash society. The
value of the dollar has drastically gone
down; the buying power is less than 10
cents now from where it was in the 1950s
before we went off the gold reserve.
What's happening today on July 17th,
2025, when no one is paying attention, no
one's talking about it. Everyone is
in blind rage about the Epstein files,
and I don't blame them. However, right
now, what is being voted on today in
Congress is the entire setup,
groundwork, and entire infrastructure
being laid to move from cash to digital
currency. And the number one thing that
is not happening today is a ban on a
central bank digital currency. This
means the ability for the government to
take control of your digital bank
account where all your money is and turn
it off. And this is why I'm so upset, and
it's not being talked about. Steve, I
was the only no vote on the rule last
night, and Congress set a record last
night, and no one's talking about that
either. This was the longest vote
held open for a rule in history,
and it finally shut down
sometime around midnight because there
was a deal made, and the deal will not be
honored. It was a deal that Speaker
Johnson made, and he said that he would
put a ban on central bank digital
currency in the NDAA. But let me tell
you something: that's going to get
stripped out in the Senate, because what
they told us all week long is the Senate
does not have the votes to pass a ban on
a central bank digital currency. So I
want to lay this out straight
for you all. You never thought in your
lifetime that the government would shut
you down, would close your
churches, would close your schools,
would close your businesses, and that
happened only a few years ago. But what
is happening today is the groundwork is
being laid. It's all in the name of
cryptocurrency and stablecoin, but it
is the entire regulatory process to
switch us from cash to a cashless
society, to digital currency
that can be controlled by the federal
government. And there will be no ban on
a central bank digital currency. There
will be no way to protect your ability
to fully control your digital currency
in the future. And I'm voting no to this
today. I don't know if there
will be any other no votes on the
Republican side, but I'm voting no to
this because I'm a Christian, and I've
read the Bible, and I believe what
Revelation
13:17
says, and I just cannot vote for a future
system that will do that.
She was furious because it was
such a majority vote for the crypto,
because I told you, and she said it's
them being able to reach in your cookie
jar. It's them being able to push the
button and stop things. Folks,
if you don't do what they want you to do
in the days ahead—which is get the mark
of the beast, get into the beast
system—they're
going to be able to cut your
finances off, and you won't be able to
buy, sell, or trade. And that's what
I'm trying to tell you. We're
going eventually to a cashless society,
just like the Bible told us. We'll
have a mark on our forehead or in our
hand, and that's how you buy, sell, or
trade. Now, do I believe we're going to
go through that as a body? No. We are
not appointed under wrath. I will
continue to say that: we are not
appointed under wrath. God is not a
wife-beater. And He's not up there
saying, 'Well, you know what, Brandon?
You have all power and authority to
tread on serpents and scorpions and
nothing shall by any means hurt you, but
you don't have any power over the
Antichrist and the demonic forces of
him. I'm taking that power and authority
away.'So,
just letting you know, the
Antichrist is coming by and he's going
to chop your head off. And all of this 'hide
your kids, hide your wife, hide
your relatives because the
Antichrist, the boogeyman, is coming to
get you'—that's not what
He's doing. He's going to take us out
before, and we're not going to have to
hide our kids, hide our wife, hide our
dogs, our cats, our cousins, and
get all up in a
fraidy-hole
because the Antichrist and his boogeyman
are coming to get you. And I'm telling
you, the body of Christ is
going to walk victorious in these last
days.
And He said to me
He's not appointed us under wrath. He's
talked to me. There is a
remnant. Now, are you a part of it?
That's what you have to ask
yourself. Are you one of the
virgins? He said there are ten virgins: there
are
five of them that don't have
their lamps full, and five that were
anticipating the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ, the bridegroom. And they
were going, 'We're excited! Our lamps
are full, and we're looking because His
redemption is drawing nigh.'And every
one of them was so excited, the five of
them. But the others were like, 'Uh-oh,
our lamps are empty, and we're
lukewarm. We're not excited. We're
riding the fence, we're in bed
with the world, trying to
be with the
Lord. I have one foot in the world,
one foot in the church.'And those are the
ones I'm talking about. Many of you... and
I believe half the church will be left.
Half the church will be left. I believe
with all my heart that
a lot of them will be
taken—the
ones that are on fire—and the ones that
are lukewarm and are not looking for
His return, and your head's in the sand,
you're in trouble. And I'm telling you,
it goes by the parable of the virgins.
And so, are you part of the remnant that
has their lamps full of oil? Are
you excited about the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ? Are you looking for him?
He's standing underneath the chuppah. He's
standing underneath that canopy, he
said, right now, and he's waiting. And
the Lord told me, he said, "Brandon, I'm
waiting on you to bring in the harvest
of souls and do
what I've called you to do with all
you've got, and I'm coming to get
you."But
I'm not coming back for a church
that's not on fire, that's lukewarm,
trying to have an escape
mentality—all
busted and disgusted. Oh no, "the sky is
falling."The
sky is not falling, Chicken
Little. Jesus is coming, but he's coming
back for a glorious church. And are you
ready for him? And so, this is
part of what the Lord had for you today.
But I want you to think about
some of the words that he gave us about
crypto. A foundation was being laid.
When I went to go see Billy Burke in
February,
and the Lord spoke to us and he said,
"I'm laying a foundation
right now behind closed doors."And this
will come out in the days ahead.
As you're driving down
the road going to Cape Canaveral,
Brandon, there's laws being set into
motion. There's bills being written
right now in the middle of the night, and
it will happen. And he said, then he
talked to me about the falling
of the stars, falling of things, and
being
back like the Wild Wild West coming
into
play to a stable society. And
he said, "Five pillars will come about
out of this. Five major
pillars."And
President Trump announced those five
pillars. And I saw others would link up
beside them and become friends to those
five pillars. And every single one of
those things has happened like
the Lord told you all it would. It's
all being done. And then today,
the 17th,
a major, major three bills were pushed
through.
I don't know if they're all good. I
don't know what was in those, but I'm
telling you all, they're setting up the
system. And in the days ahead, it'll be
wire-to-wire
transfers. You got to look
at the functionality of each one of
these cryptos and what these, because he told
me certain cryptos
overnight will double,
they'll triple.
And then he said, "I saw some of them go
to $5 quickly, some of them go to
$10,"and
he said some of the
targets
of where they wanted to have this one
was 150 bucks. And I saw the men
talking. He said 100. I saw the number
150, and I tried to be as, I can't,
I'm not here to give financial advice,
but because I'm not telling you
which one it is. I'm not telling you.
But I saw certain ones doing it. Now,
you pray about it and see what
the Lord tells you. But we pray for
judges. We pray for these things because
the Lord says as we see these
basically settlements and things
happening, the hose will become
unkinked.
The hose will become
unkinked
and there will be a
waterfall
coming in the fall. September will be a
time to remember. He said great change
is coming in September, and it will go
into the fall, and in the fall, it's time to
rest it all. It'll be a time of rest and
celebration coming. Now, it will be
different for everybody. I'm not saying
everybody's going to have rest and
peace and joy and whatever,
you know what the Lord's showing me,
because did you prepare yourself for
that? Did you listen to the Holy Spirit
when I refer to this woman
that the Lord showed me, and I talked
about before, that if you're not
here taking heed to what the Holy
Spirit's telling you to do, some folks
don't,
you miss out
on the boat.
Not everybody's going to get on the
boat. You have to be hearing God for
yourself of what the boat is for you,
because the boat might be something
totally different. But either way, we
know the boat's in motion.
And we know that Jesus Christ is coming
and he's preparing a way for his bride
to have enough finances to get this
gospel out.
This
is the rocket fuel to the rocket. Are
you listening to me, son? For this will
be one of the greatest missed
opportunities if you don't listen to me.
This boat, once it sets sail, son...
He told me I was doing the dishes.
And he said, "If you miss this
opportunity, you'll not have another
opportunity like this ever again. For
once it hits a certain number, it will
never go back down to what it was again.
This will be a point of no return. And
from that time on, this will be the
standard,
like it was back at 40 cents, and this
becomes a standard, and it doesn't go back
very far. You may find about, you
know, four, five, ten cents,
maybe even thirty, but nothing to where it
was, and it goes for milestones,
and there'll be progression,
and
there's
a pause, and
progression, pause, progress,
but then never goes back to where it was
at the beginning.
And the Lord told me, he said, "This
would be one of the greatest missed
opportunities many will ever see,
for a new industrial revolution is upon
you."Like
it was when the
internet first started.
There was so much missed opportunity
when the internet first started. People
became billionaires
back whenever they first started the
internet.
And this is a new industrial revolution,
bigger, like with electricity. This is
bigger than the internet.
AI
will change the
world forever. What did the Lord show us
yesterday?
I saw fall come and I saw Black
Friday, and it was highlighted to me, and
the Lord told me, "inflated numbers,
inflated numbers."And all of a sudden, I
saw Donald Trump with
orange-looking
skin, with yellow around his mouth,
yellow around his eyes, and he had
yellow hair. He had a blue suit
on, white shirt with a red tie like he
always wears. And he was so excited. He
had a sign in his hand, and it was in
black letters. It said "TAXES."And it was
all in bold font. It was all in
capital letters: "TAXES", and there was an
arrow pointing down with percentage
rates on this sign. And he was so
excited showing the American people this
sign. And he, all of a sudden, started
to walk a pig.
And the pig had red lipstick on, blue
blush,
blue eye shadow, and a
brown-looking
braided collar that was being walked by
President Trump. And President Trump was
parading this pig all over the place, up
and down the streets in this vision. He
was so excited to parade this pig,
but the pig was still a pig,
even with the lipstick on and all the
makeup. And I saw a white picket fence.
I saw the American Dream as I saw houses
that looked like Monopoly houses that
were floating in the air up above him.
And every single one of the houses
was
transparent.
There was really no foundation to them.
There was no foundation to the housing
market. It wasn't on the ground; it was
floating in the air, and it was
transparent. As I was looking through
it, it was very, it
wasn't firm.
I saw a green stock arrow that was
going above the housing market that went
like this, and it was going, you know,
like it was moving up like a ticker that
was moving up above the housing market
as he's walking this pig around,
leading it around with a rope. So, I saw
a golden landscape
in another vision of this, and to many
people, it looked like corn on the cob.
The way it was all perfectly these
squares that were
back-to-back
all looked like
pieces of kernels of corn, and there
were
hills of them, all on these hills. And I
saw this corn on the cob, but it
looked like corn on the
cob—it
was gold nuggets, looking like gold little
bricks. And upon that was a scarecrow.
And the scarecrow was dressed in solid
black. He had straw coming out
of
his arms. I saw it. And he was jumping
on the golden corn cobs. These corn
kernels.
And he was clicking his heels in the air
like whoopee. And he was clicking his
feet in the air. But when he did that,
he fell forward, and his black hat fell
off, and he had no brain.
His head was hollow.
It was full of straw, but there was
nothing of substance in his hat. And
it was a black hat. And I know it
was a representation of something because
the Lord was showing me, "Watch the
scarecrow.
There's a scarecrow upon this gold.
There's a scarecrow upon all this."As I
saw President Trump walking around with
his pig,
and as I saw President Trump doing this,
the Lord showed me Elon Musk.
And Elon Musk was sitting upon a Tesla.
And there was great pressure upon Tesla.
He was sitting on
the roof of it, and he was a lot larger
in this vision. And as he was riding on
the
Tesla, the wheels began to spark, and
the rubber on the
road from the pressure of
the car and how heavy everything was
started to crush it. The wheels
started burning out, and it had no
traction, and he was losing control in
this car as he was sitting on the Tesla.
He was sweating profusely, and
he looked like he was about ready to
have a nervous breakdown on this Tesla.
And he was looking around, and I could
see him, but on his hat, he had "American
Party."The
American Party. It was a black hat
with white letters. He had a black shirt
on. Kind of like his hat was now
MAGA,
not a MAGA hat. You know how it was a dark
MAGA?
It was "American Party"on his hat,
and he was sitting on this Tesla, and the
Lord said it would be short-lived.
And I said, "Oh, his life."And the Lord
said, "No, I'm not speaking of his life.
I'm speaking of the party and
Tesla."It
was under great
stress.
And he was talking about the American
party. This new party would be
short-lived. It was under great stress,
and he was perplexed about what he
was going to do. I could see him. So I
saw New York, and I saw a mass migration
of people leaving New York because of
the decisions that are about to be made
there.
I saw people leaving the
East Coast by the hundreds of thousands
because of the oppression that's about
to set in on the East Coast for some
folks. And they were leaving all these
areas, and they were leaving up north
from Ohio and Pennsylvania and all that,
and they were moving toward the south
trying to leave those areas. And I saw,
which I thought was interesting,
massive stone walls in Texas on the borders on
the east and on the west. They
didn't want the people coming to Texas.
They didn't want them coming from
all these areas. But I saw they looked
like granite. It was marbled. It
was beautiful. These stone
walls were protecting Texas, but
the top of it where it was connected to
Oklahoma didn't have one of those walls.
But I saw walls being formed
from the east and the west
concerning Texas.
And the Lord showed me Gavin. And
the Lord said, "I'm dealing with
Gavin.
I'm going to deal with Gavin."And the
Lord spoke to me about Gavin. And then I
saw Epstein.
And I saw great corruption concerning
the
Epstein files.
But the Lord spoke to me, and he said,
"The reason
they will not show you everything is
because of blackmail.
There's much blackmail when it comes to
this."And
when he said that to me, I
saw Asian men, European men,
women, and people that were being
blackmailed by being on the list.
"If you do, you do what we tell you to
do. Politicians, you do what we tell you
to do, or we'll expose you and embarrass
you."I
saw certain men,
as I saw a bald-headed
man who had a heavy belly, and he had a
white shirt on with a tie and black
slacks. And I heard the Lord say, "Dead
men tell no
tales."Which
is referring to that pirate
movie as well. We looked it up: "Dead
men
tell no
tales."And
I thought, that's interesting. I saw
this white man with this bald head
sweating profusely.
And I thought, what is that all about?
But he looked like an average
businessman. Then I saw a boat. As I
heard "Dead Men Tell No Tales,"I saw a
pirate ship. And upon this pirate ship,
there were rats all over the boat. And
as a spotlight was shining down
on this boat, it
was moving around trying to expose the
rats that were on the ship. And as it
moved, the rats would scurry around
trying to hide themselves from this mass of
light that was being shined all around
on the boat's deck. And I could see the
boat, and there was a storm in the
distance. It was completely dark
outside. But these rats were running
around on the deck of this boat as fast
as they could, trying to escape the light
that was being shined on the deck.
And I could see there
were
three different lights, and the lights
were moving around, and they looked like
spotlights at a prison. And they were
shining. They were moving, but they were
looking for the rats. But the rats were
hiding in the background.
And I could see the rats, and it was
related to the Epstein
files.
And the Lord said there's a great
cover-up.
There's great darkness that is being
hidden concerning this,
for it is blackmail.
They will not show you everything, and
it's on purpose.
There's great darkness here, and it's on
purpose. Leverage. He used the word
"leverage."There's
great leverage here
that they don't want to lose.
If they lose
the leverage, they lose the status quo.
They cannot lose the leverage, for you
will not see what's on these lists on
purpose.
Blackmail and leverage and losing the
status quo,
because the rats don't want to be
exposed, and they want to use that
to
their advantage.
It's the manipulation
of governments. It's the manipulation of
marriages. It's the manipulation of
wealth. It's very dark, what the
Lord showed me. You would be
shocked at the men and women that are on
this list.
I've warned you about politicians that
are very dark in America. There
are
politicians that are very dark.
Celebrities.
It's not just about politicians. It's
about celebrities, people with influence
and
a lot of money, that
have a lot of
perversion,
that have sexual issues. And the Lord
showed me, "This is not you. You're
looking at heads of state and politician
brands.
This
is
a lot bigger than that. This is
more than what you
realize."Hollywood
celebrities. I'm talking major
stars, major basketball
players.
You would be shocked and in awe at
some of these people.
And the Lord told me, "They
don't want to lose the status quo. Now,
if they reveal some of it, they'll never
reveal all of it,
just to appease the people, to get them
to shut up because it's caused such a
ruckus.
How do we get them to deflate this thing
and get them to be on our side again
because we're losing
control of the boat? How do we get them
to say, 'Okay, I'm satisfied'? You
exposed a couple of people, and
they were sacrificial
pawns."Well,
you
know, we can afford to lose them, but
we cannot afford to lose this,
and it's darker than what you realize.
And the Lord showed me. So, that was
another thing the Lord showed us
yesterday. I
kept seeing another distraction coming.
And the Lord showed me Trump again with
his orange face and his yellow
lips and stuff. And he kept saying,
"China."I
could hear him saying
"China."And
he was talking about
how
we're going to pass legislation
with the House and the Senate to stop
China from having land in America. No
foreign power will own
land and farmland in America. And I saw
great big tractors, massive John Deere
tractors, that were riding upon the land
that had tilled the soil but refused to
plant the soil.
And I saw a manipulation of farmland.
But I saw China written across Kansas. I
saw it in Missouri. I saw China. And I
saw a black star that was surrounded
like a capital in an area. And it was
like a landmark like that.
But they were fighting them in
legislation with the House and the
Senate in the days ahead, taking away
China's
and other foreign
countries'rights
to own farmland and any other
kind of agriculture or whatever
in our country, saying, 'We're not
going to have it,'and they had to forfeit
their rights.
And I don't know what happened with
that, but I can assume
it's going to make some people mad.
But, you know, it is what it is. I
saw it, and then I saw a wave. I have to
take this back to when I prophesied—this
is
when I saw the housing market, and
this was around January.
I saw the housing market going, but
I saw a wave, and this massive wave was
at a breaking point. But it was a shallow
wave because the colors
were not deep blue; it was light, like
this water, so I knew the water was
shallow. But there were $100 bills
and there was gold. I saw a
dollar sign. I saw cryptocurrency.
I saw all these different kinds of
wealth inside of this wave. And the Lord
said, 'It's time to ride the wave, for it
will not last very long.
You must ride this wave
because the wave won't last very long
and then it's
over.'But
there is a wave,
and I saw it going into 2026.
He said, 'This is the window; I'm giving
you a window of
opportunity.'Tax
breaks, interest rates will go
down eventually. You're going to see what Jerome
Powell is
asking for. I don't know
if Jerome Powell will be removed or
whatever, but eventually interest rates
will be lowered. A great economic
boom because of these things will be
artificial.
The Lord said, 'It's a pig with lipstick.
It's a wave that will not last forever.
Ride the wave and get all you can out of
it.'And
I saw the wave with $100
bills and all this money was in this
wave, but the wave came down and it was
done.
It was a warning.
It was a very
strong warning telling us of where we
are right now. It was a glimpse as we
see these things. It was very
cartoonish. It was interesting the way
it all was because I told Braden, I
said it kind of looked like
Simpsons
characters or some kind of
cartoon, the way the Lord was painting
all of it, and I was seeing it and
it was something that I won't
forget. And then when He talks to me in
colors and things like that, I remember
them
forever. As I'm telling you this,
I can tell you the details very clearly. The signs
of the times—but
as I was praying and I
was interceding for these things, it was
on the Father's heart to warn you. We
have a window.
And He's bringing this window for His
people to fund the gospel for this last
outpouring. But you're going to have to
stay close to His heart because He said,
'As you see these foundations and these
things pass so quickly, so
unanimously—I
don't know about the
Senate, but I saw the House and it
happened, and this lady was not
happy about it because of what was being
pushed, and nobody, like I said, in
the still of the night.'What is
happening so quickly as we're watching
Epstein
and
war
over here? There's something happening.
It's called the beast system. And most
people don't see that the beast system
is coming into play, and everything, your
rights and your freedoms for CBDCs
and all these things, is all
happening, and a new industrial
revolution—all
this, folks, is part of the
beast
system,
and most people are looking at Epstein.
We're looking at Ukraine. We're looking
at Israel bomb Damascus,
and all that's biblical.
But this is really biblical, folks,
because we've been doing this for
hundreds of years—dollar-backed standard,
gold standard, all these things. And now
we're coming to a beast standard, and
most people don't see it.
Are we months away, weeks
away, years away? I don't know. This is
where I'm at with it. The
Lord said to me—if you go back to the
vision, was it about a month
ago?—He
said to me, 'They will push away the
money because they'll be afraid to touch
it because of the virus.'I saw a blue
currency in Europe, which was the euro.
And the Lord said they'll be—remember I
said the virus will start from China and
Europe first. I saw them scared to touch
paper money again because the virus was
transferring. You know, money's
dirty. It's one of the dirtiest. It's
worse than a toilet stool.
Yeah,
money is worse than a toilet stool
because it's
filthy.
It's never washed.
So,
they scare everybody with this new virus
that's coming. 'We don't want to touch
the
virus on the money. We
don't want to touch that money. Don't
touch no $100
bills.'Folks,
money is bad. Well, what do you have to
have? Got to have a digital currency.
'But how do we access
that?''Well,
you know, there's a chip. We can
have a bracelet at first or your
phone.'Remember
I told you they're going
to say it's your phone? You've got your
phone here, and your phone will be used.
Remember I told you all it would go by
the phone, and it will start to go from
your phone to something else? And
eventually they're going to
take it, and it will be in your hand or
your forehead, and everybody's going to
accept it and go, 'Well, it's just part
of it. They're
protecting
us.'You
know, you
don't want that virus anyway; it killed
a lot of folks.
But you have to desensitize. As I
told you, as people are in a pot,
they'll be like in a pot and the water's
rising and the temperature's rising, you
don't even know you're being cooked.
Because just like a frog in a pot, the
more it becomes familiar with the water
temperature, the more it doesn't realize
it's getting ready to boil, and then it's
eventually cooked alive.
It's time for folks to realize how
close we are to the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ. I say all this to
tell you I have
such an urgency. I'm not here to scare
you; I'm here to prepare you. I'm here
to sound the alarm. I'm here to warn
you in the middle of the
midnight hour, like Paul Revere riding from
city to city, telling you not 'the British
are coming,'but 'Jesus is
coming.'Are
you prepared for the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ? Is your heart ready
for what's about to happen? It's
not time to get all afraid and say the sky
is falling. No, it's not. The sky is not
falling.
It's what the Bible told us would
happen. And it's time for you to accept salvation
in
Jesus today.
You need to know that there's a heaven
to gain and a hell to shun. Do you know
that Jesus Christ loves you and He has a
plan for your life? I want to lead you
in the sinner's prayer today. And I need
you to know that this may be your last
opportunity.
There is no one that's promised
tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today to go to
work, the undertaker might be taking
them off that night.
Are you prepared for that moment? If today
is
your day and you die,
are you prepared today
if this is your last chance to accept
Jesus Christ? And you say, 'Well, I
believe I might have more time. I'm going
to
go sow my wild oats, and
we're going to have some parties, and
we're going to have fun. I don't need Jesus
today.'But
what if today is your last
day?
'Well, you're freaking me
out.'This
should freak you out. This should scare
the heck out of you, because if you
don't have Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior, you don't have
anything.
'Well, I've got a million
dollars...'You
don't have nothing. You're not
taking it with you.
All you can be assured of today is that,
'I have Jesus.
And
if I die, to be
absent from the body is to be present
with the
Lord.'So
I want to lead you in that prayer
right now. All you have to do is say
this simple prayer,
with the heart confession made unto
salvation. And I want you to say this
prayer and say it with all your heart,
because I need you to know that Jesus
Christ loves you and He gave His life
for you. He rose again on the third day
and He is sitting with the Father.
He's sitting up there right now, praying
for you right now at this moment, saying,
"Would you come home?"There's one last
call.
So say this prayer with me right now.
Say, "Jesus,
I'm a sinner
and I need a Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Forgive me of my sins, Lord. I believe
You are the Son of God.
I believe that You died for me and You
rose again on the third day.
I believe that You are the Lord of
all the earth,
the Lord of all the universe.
Forgive me, Lord. Cleanse me from all
unrighteousness.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life
today. I'll serve You today and
forevermore.
I turn my back on the world and
all the devils of hell.
I'm sold out to You, Lord, from this day
forward.
Thank you, Lord, for forgiving me. Thank
you, Lord, that today I'm cleansed and
clean."That's
it. It's very simple, but
it's from the heart.
And I believe as you said that prayer
today,
you have a new start. "Behold, I make all
things new."That's what He said He'd do
for you.
Your past is now your past, under
the blood, and He doesn't remember it
anymore.
As you confess your sins, He is faithful
and just to forgive you of your sins and
cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
So, I'm excited you're part of our
family.
Now, what do I do now, Brother Brandon?
Well, you find a
Bible-believing
church that
will teach you the Word of God.
Tell that pastor in that church, "I just
got born again watching a YouTube
broadcast, and I need to get water
baptized."Get
water baptized. Volunteer at the
church. Plug into the church. Do
everything you can to learn about the
Christian walk. Read your Bible,
pray every single day. Get you a Bible,
read it, and pray every day. Do
everything you can to do what a Christian
would do. Come and watch us on
this channel. I would go
find a Billy Burke meeting and maybe go
find Billy Burke. I'd go watch
Billy Burke. You know that he's a
friend. And I'm going to tell you, if
I'm a baby Christian, I would go to a
Billy Burke meeting. I'm an
adult Christian, and I want to go to
a
Billy Burke meeting. So I would say go
to a Billy Burke meeting. That's what I
would do to
any Christian—yes,
to any Christian.
Go to a
Billy Burke service. Find one.
If he's coming near your area, go
to one and get charged up and get
excited, because I'm telling you, there's
life-giving
word being said there.
Truly.
And so I encourage you to go
and support him. So that's the
kind of stuff I'm talking
about—just
the Christian walk, finding a Bible, reading,
and going
to services like that
to get you charged up.
We're not perfect, folks.
We'll fall down and skin
our knees, but we don't stay there.
And when the devil
comes to remind you of your past, you
remind him of his future. And you say,
"Guess what, sucker? You're going to
burn in hell forever.
Yeah, you try to remind me of my past,
and I've messed up."Yeah, all have
sinned and come short of the glory.
You just
tell him. The Bible says all have
sinned. All of us have
and come short of the glory. But I'm a
new creation created in Christ Jesus
today. And all my past is forgiven, but
yours isn't. And you're going to burn in
hell, and there's an
eternity for you to burn there. And it's
coming quick. He doesn't like to hear
that. So I just want to encourage you.
If you fall down and you skin your knee,
what do you do? You get back up and
brush off. We don't camp there and say,
"Well, it's okay. I'm going to be a
sinner, and I'm going to keep living
there."No,
you try. Keep going from
glory to glory
and run to Jesus. When you fall, you
don't run from God. When you sin, you
run to God.
And people need to know that
the moment you confessed your sins
is not when He found out about it.
That's when you got rid of it.
So He's not
going, "Well, that's a shocker, Jesus.
Did you know they messed up
today?"He
already knew that.
The moment you confessed it
is when you got rid of it. And He's up
there with His arms wide open saying,
"I've got you.
I love you. You're
going to make it. I'm your
friend."Now,
if you can't afford a Bible, you say,
"Brandon, I am living paycheck to
paycheck. I don't have a way to get a
Bible."Diana
and I will buy a Bible for
you. We'll send it to you from Amazon
for free.
Yes,
and so all you
have to do is do what she says.
Just find our email address
in the description below, and then in
the subject line or title when you
write the email, just say, "I can't afford
a Bible,"and then put your address on
there. We'll send the
Bible from Amazon to you using the
address you give us, and then we'll just
use it that one time to send you a Bible
and you'll never hear from us again.
We don't spam people or send junk
mail or anything.
We're not trying to bother you.
No,
we're just trying to rejoice with you.
Yes,
this is a celebration, folks. You
don't realize what you just averted.
And we've been there where we lived
paycheck to paycheck
and we couldn't buy a Bible.
We want to help you. We get it.
And it's not a shame thing;
it's a rejoicing thing. We're
excited for you.
Yes, and so if you could tell us in the
comments down below, "I just gave my
heart to Jesus today,"we want to
rejoice with you in the comment section.
Let the family here
rejoice with you that you gave your
heart to Jesus today.
It's a celebration. I'm telling you, if
one comes to the Lord, the angels in
heaven are rejoicing. But I believe there
are
hundreds of you today
who
gave your heart and made this decision.
Yes,
and they're up there having a
big old party, going,
"Yay!"It's
exciting. All right, so
take communion with us. We're going to
take communion as a family. We do
it every video—we try to, at least. And
I want to lift up the body,
so we're going to take
communion right now as a family. And
we're excited
because we're going to go right into
prayer and see what the Lord has for us.
I want to
encourage you all to stick around for
prayer. Now, there's a lot of people
who
don't want to, but I want to
tell you, that's where the nuggets are.
That's where God comes and visits. Yes,
and that's what we're excited about
every single time. I want to get through
the first part of it so quickly because
I want to see the last half. I
do the highlights for
you all because there are so many people
who
don't stick through the prayer,
and
I want you to know what's
coming. So I rehearse it at the
beginning for like 20 minutes. I'm like,
"Oh my goodness, this is
redundant."But
I do it for you because I'm excited to
see if He shows us something new. I'm
like, "Who cares? I already know about
this. If you would have stuck around,
you would have found out about it,
too."But
here you go.
Hopefully, it's a recap.
Yes,
it's a recap,
and not the first time they're hearing
it.
Well, there's a lot. I'd say 75%.
But we're excited that you come, and
they want to know what's coming. People
are curious.
So, let's take our
communion and enter in. This is
how we do it: we always put Him
first, that He would increase and
we decrease.
Yes,
we have this treasure in
earthen
vessels that the excellency of the power
is known of him and not of us.
It's all about him, folks, and what he
did. And without him, I can't do any of
this. It's all about Jesus today. And I
want to always emphasize that
you realize that it's his gift on me,
it's not my gift. He put the gift on me,
Brandon Biggs, to see into the things
that are coming. But he can put it
on anybody he wants to. He can do
whatever he wants to.
He controls it all.
And
I want to always tell you
that I attract to deflect.
It's all about him. We give him the
glory for all of it.
And as long as you do that, as long as
you keep him first, he'll use you. He'll
not share his glory with anybody.
Everybody says, "Well, Brandon's so
great."All
of a sudden, Brandon is
not great. He is great. And when you
look at him and look at how great he is,
he's the one that makes me shine for
just that moment.
And it makes you go, "Brandon's cool,"but
what
you really don't realize
is that I'm just as stinky as
some of you are, you know. When
I was talking, the spirit of the
Lord hit me really hard and I
couldn't talk.
It's so important.
The most important thing that I can tell
you is that we have the treasure in
earthen
vessels
that the excellency of the power will be
known of him and not of us.
As long as you keep attracting and
deflecting, you'll make it just fine.
As long as you keep yourself underneath
that blood and underneath that
mercy seat, saying, "God, it's
all about you,"he'll use you.
I learned when I was cleaning those
bathrooms time and time again, he said,
"Brandon, always stay small in your own
eyes and never forget where I brought
you."When
you've gone through what we've been
through,
you don't forget it because the refining
was so hard.
And there's so much that I go
through that I'll never tell you even
now.
I would hear Billy Burke always say and Kathryn
Kuhlman,
"It costs so
much."And
I was praying, I said,
"Lord,
the price
is
very
high,
but it's worth it."Father, we just lift
up this body before you.
And we thank you, Lord, that you died
for us.
And we want so much, Father,
for this to become so real to us that
it's not a religious act, that it's an
act of worship and friendship.
We're not just doing this because
it looks spiritually
good, or well, you know, we took
communion today and I put my time card
in,
but I take it, Father, because it
means something to me.
I thank you, Father, for all that you
did,
that we're healed and we're whole by
your stripes,
that you really did do all that you said
you did for us. And Father, I thank you,
Lord, that it's real to me.
This is real to me. It's not
Catholic, it's not
Episcopalian,
it's not charismatic, it's
relationship.
It represents relationship.
And this says so much to me that, Jesus,
you paid the price for me.
And I take this body right now, and I
thank you, Lord, that I'm healed and
whole and well from my testosterone to
all of it, that I'm healed and whole and
well. And I thank you, Lord, that my
hormones are lined up like what
they're
supposed to be. That, Father, you paid
the price for me to walk in freedom over
that. And I thank you, Lord, that
healing and deliverance is all over my body
in Jesus'name concerning it. In
Jesus'name,
thank you, Lord.
Lord, over everybody—I'm just
saying it for me, you say it for you,
whatever you're believing God for.
There's nothing too big and there's
nothing too small. Jesus paid the price
for it all. Now, Father, I thank you,
Lord, for healing over us and the
deliverance. And that, Father, if we
confess our sins like we did just a
minute ago, you are faithful and just
to
forgive us. Now, Lord, I thank you,
Lord, that we make much of the blood
today. We make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over
every single one of us right now, from
the top of our heads to the soles of our
feet. We put a bloodline around this
house, around me and my eyes, that I'll
not be snared by any satanic or demonic
force. I only see what you want me to
see, I only hear what you want me to
hear. And I thank you, Lord, that we
have authority over the devil. And we
plead the blood, Father, that we
have this treasure in that
earthen
vessel, Father, and we thank you,
Lord, that it's not about us, it's all
about you. And we give you praise and
glory and honor. And we plead the blood
over our houses, over our finances, over
everything we put our hands to
prospering.
And we say, Father, the best is yet to
come in Jesus'name, amen. That was a
little different, but it's just from the
heart.
Folks, you don't understand how much he
loves you. He loves you. You know, and
everybody tries to make it so religious.
It's not religious, it's just
relationship.
Thank you, Lord.
You go, "Well, that's way weird from
what I did at the Catholic
Church,"but
it's just from the heart.
I take the blood, Father, I take it in
remembrance of what you did for me. I
take the body and what you did for me.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm delivered, and
I plead the blood over us. And so, I
never enter into prayer without taking
communion first like that, always
putting him first because we're going
into his throne room.
It's so important that you all know that
you're going to the King of Kings and
the Lord of Lords.
And in the old covenant, they
had to sacrifice so many animals, the
priests would do it just to enter into
the Holy of Holies. If they
did, they had to tie that rope around
their ankle, and if they didn't hear the
bell going off, that meant the priest
was dead and they had to drag him out
because he wasn't pure.
So here he is, going in there. They
had to kill all these animals and get
themselves
right before the Lord. And the
glory was there so strong, he got
burned up.
But yet we enter in so freely because of
Jesus'blood
and what he did for us at
that mercy seat.
You don't realize that we're
wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost. He's no longer living
in a temple, he's living in you, he's
living in us. But I make it right just
by taking communion. I'm like, "Man,
Lord, you're so good to me."Don't take
for granted what happened on that cross
that day when he set you free.
So many priests look at it as
seemingly
so insignificant.
What it represents is not. But
this is something so holy, and yet he
did all of it for us to
walk in freedom. And we don't have to
kill a fatted calf, we don't have to
kill a goat, we don't have to kill a
sheep. We don't have to do anything to enter
in and ask him to forgive our sins so we
can enter because blood had to be shed.
The blood covers a multitude of sins, his
grace does.
But you have to realize Jesus paid the
price for you to walk in victory, and
you never want to take
for granted what he did for us.
We don't have to sacrifice any animal
and have bloodshed because of the sin
we've committed to say, "Hey, can I just
talk to you for a little bit?
Can I just have
a question about my car? It's
broken today. I just have a question
about some cooking or something."You
can
talk to him about
anything.
He's not up there going,
"Well, you know, it's not something
religious, so I'm not talking to you
today. I don't want to talk about
football. I don't want to talk about
your problems unless you're
going to tell me a whole bunch of
scriptures with it. I'm
really
busy."He
said, "Come boldly into the throne of
grace
where
you obtain
favor."Do
you understand? You have favor.
He's looking for you. He
says,
"Welcome home, son.
I'm so excited you're here. Where have
you been?"I know it's just been 30
ago, but I'm so excited to have
you here again. Most people don't
realize that he's a father who
wants
to have a closer relationship
with you than what you want with him.
And most people are up there going,
'Well, does God really
want to talk to me?'You have no
idea.
He wants to have a relationship with every
single one of you,
but you've let religion talk you out of
it. You've let the devil talk you out of
it, and you think,
'He doesn't talk to me,
Brandon.'You
know how many times I hear
that? 'He doesn't talk to me.'Well, I don't
believe you
because the Bible says,
'My sheep will know my
voice, and a stranger's voice they will
not follow.'So I believe the Bible
more than I believe you.
And if you are his, you're going to hear
him.
You've
just got to practice being still. I
heard Billy Burke say this. He said, 'I
want you to think of an Elvis Presley
song right now. Be quiet. Can you hear
his voice?'And he's playing the Elvis
Presley. 'What song do you want to play? A
Ray Charles song in your head right now
or something? Can you hear him singing
it?'How
come you can hear it inside
of you? Because you're familiar with it.
You've listened to that Elvis Presley
song. You know Elvis Presley's voice
because you spent time listening to it.
And the more you spent time listening to
Elvis Presley, the louder it
became, and you
don't even need to have it played
anymore. You know what Elvis Presley
sounds like, right? And you can pick his
voice out of everybody else. You go,
'That's Elvis Presley.'Why? Because you
spent time listening to it, or whoever
your favorite artist is. It's the same
thing. The more you spend time listening,
staying quiet, and worshiping,
the more you're going to know your
Father's voice. But if you only visit
there and you've never listened to it,
you're not going to be familiar with it.
But you can pick Elvis Presley's voice
out. I can listen to it
right now.
Oh, glory. Hallelujah.
Seriously, it's loud.
Yes,
and that's the way he wants to be with
you: loud. And you say, 'Brandon, how do
you hear him that way?'I spend time.
I ain't nothing special. I'm just
like you all. I'm just
one of the kids. But I chose to sit at
his feet and listen.
Braden, Diana, all of us have the
ability to hear the Father talk,
but it's how much you spend talking
to
him over the years and you develop
that relationship.
So I want you to know that
Billy Burke and all of us,
how it all starts is everybody has
seven days a week,
24 hours in a day. But what do you do
with it? I can assure you there's a lot
of times I do a lot different than what
you do.
It's just choices.
What's your choice? 'If I could just sit in
prayer
with you a while.
I need you to hold me
moment by moment
till forever
passes by.
Moment by moment
till forever
passes by.
If I could just sit with you
a while.
If you could just hold me,
Father.'I
just thank you, Lord.
I believe in miracles, Father,
because I believe in God.
I thank you, Father.
I've seen the soul set free,
miraculous
the change in one
redeemed through
Calvary.
I've
seen
the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I
believe
in miracles,
for I
believe in God.
I've seen a soul
set free,
miraculous
the change in one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles,
for I
believe in God.
Hallelujah.
There's glory all around,
and all who see must stand in awe of
miracles abound. I love that song.
There's such a sweet presence here
today.
I believe
in miracles.
I want you to believe for your miracle
today as I sing to you. You
just receive it.
I've seen a soul set free,
miraculous
the change in one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles,
for I
believe in God.
Oh Lord, we worship you.
We magnify your name
in all the earth.
We glorify
your name
in all the earth.
Oh Lord, we
worship
you.
We magnify
your name
in all the earth.
We glorify
your name.
We magnify you, Father.
What's on your heart today?
What is that about?
I just went to New York, and
I'm
at David Wilkerson's church. I see David
Wilkerson—Dave
Wilkerson, you know, the
man with the glasses. I see him. I see
his face. It's very clear who I'm
looking at right now. And I know he's
gone home to be with the Lord, but it's
what he said. The Lord says, 'It's what he
said.'He
gave words. He gave words
about
New York.
A
shaking.
There's things being discussed right
now,
decisions again about this man, about New
York,
liberty and what it represents. But
there's smoke around her,
and there's fire in the
cities.
What in the world? Why is all that going
on?
I see fires all in the city,
in
New York.
I'll keep saying
that, but the
vision is stuck right there. And there
are
clouds of smoke around
the Empire State Building, but it's
thick black smoke.
I hear
sirens—fire
trucks,
police cars, ambulances.
Monday,
about
Mario.
I see fires deliberately
set,
an attack. It's an attack with
vans and
cars, like
the stuff we
saw them talking about.
There's more of this. I
see fires on buildings, fires burning up
landmarks, burning up buildings. This
is like four-alarm fires being
deliberately set.
This is a terrorist
attack.
It's causing fear. I see the people, and
it's all over TV. I see the Statue of
Liberty, and there's smoke around the
Statue of Liberty. It's not
on fire, but
there's fire smoke around the
Statue of Liberty. The Lord says, 'Be
specific in
this.'It's
all in the air. There
are
so many fires, so much
of this retaliation. There's something
that's happened. I see stores on fire.
There
is
a
great shaking coming
to New York.
He said, 'Remember
what happened in Los Angeles.
As you choose a reprobate mind to lead
you,
for seedtime and harvest
doesn't cease. Whatsoever a man soweth,
that shall
he also reap. But as
you sow into this blue and into
this corruption,
as you sow into it by your vote, you
open the door for this. There's great
terrorist activity. This
is
a beginning
of what you've sowed into with your
ballot, with your vote. As you sow into
this, you'll reap what you've
sowed
into, for the very ground you sow into
will produce what you've sowed into it.
This is why it's so important you
sow
into good soil.
This is your seed sowing into
the ballot as an American citizen,
and you sowed into this. Same with what
happened in California. There's no water
in the fountains to put out the fire.
These houses burned down, all this stuff.
Now there's something coming to
New York:
fires,
a great shaking.
It's all over the world.
Everybody's talking about it,
and it's dark.
There's no lights on at night.
Mass migration. I told you before, a
mass migration.
A great fleeing of this place.
They'll say it's a
cesspool. Watch.
The rich are
fleeing.
They say, "Well, you tax
us, you do these things,
we'll just go establish ourselves
somewhere
else."And
I see people uprooting and they're
leaving.
They have a choice.
All the people that are there, the
Lord said, are corrupt. There's
corruption in this.
But there's a lesser of two. There's a
lesser of evil.
One is
completely like...
but they're all corrupt.
Oh,
Lord's
people,
these events will not
be on the scale of 9/11.
They'll not be on the scale of 9/11, but
things that we will see will be shaking
in these areas up here.
A shaking,
and this where I see Boston
is highlighted to me.
I see David Wilkerson's face and there's
judgment coming. A shaking of New York
City.
It'll be like a cesspool.
But then I'm looking and I'm transferred
to Miami. And I see corruption around
Miami. And the leaders of Miami
are bolded out to me. Boston, Miami, New
York.
And you say, "Well, that's a red
state,"but
there's something about Miami.
We thank you, Lord. We worship you. Holy,
holy, holy is the Lord of hosts who was
and is and is to come.
We sing praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I
give
glory to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great and greatly
to be praised.
I sing
glory
to your name.
I see
it now.
It's interesting. I want to teach you
something. Instantaneously, when it's
pulling me out of the vision because of
distractions around me, and then whenever
I started worshiping again it pushed me
right in the
flow—the
gifts and the callings of
God. When you worship the Father, it
puts you back in the flow. You must
learn to create an atmosphere
with praise. When occultic things are
trying to take over outside, He said,
"Learn to praise me and learn to change
the atmosphere when they try to come
against you when you're doing what
you're doing right now."And I saw in
the spirit realm things were happening
out there
you don't know about. And then all of a
sudden He said, "Stop. I'm teaching you
something
now. Worship."And the worship changes
the atmosphere back again to get in a
flow with the gift.
I give glory to your name,
oh Lord.
Glory to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I give glory to your name.
Oh, hallelujah.
I'm seeing it.
Oh Lord,
glory to your name,
Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
Now
I
give glory to your name,
oh Lord.
Glory to your name,
oh Lord. I'm parked around October
31st
and I see in this darkness
during this timeframe during this
week
there's darkness there and I see
baseball.
I see baseball
and I can't tell you what team it is.
The Lord said, "Don't tell them what
team that
is."That's
the World Series. "Don't tell them
what team it
is."Isn't
that funny how I didn't realize...
It's funny because I knew what He was
saying right then. He said, "Don't tell
them
what team that is."I said, because
I saw
these teams playing and I was going
to say it and the Lord said, "Don't say that
because
these people going to gamble on it."And
the
Lord said, "Don't you say
that."Oh
Lord, you're so good. I love you.
The
very atmosphere is changing. The urgency
of the atmosphere is changing.
I'm in October.
There's an urgency in the atmosphere
changing. I see a dark cloud over the
month of October.
As you leave September
from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, you'll
see that it's the 21st, but I'm telling
you from Yom Kippur, it's in October.
There's this timeframe from here to
here. It's in that timeframe. There's a
great shifting in the atmosphere.
And I see October and it's highlighted.
But the shifting in the atmosphere, the
urgency, the hour, the birthing pains
will increase, things are going to
increase.
It's highlighted around from Rosh Hashanah
to Rosh Hashanah.
It's around this
timeframe,
the birthing pains. But I'm seeing going
into October and I see around baseball
and I'm looking at the baseball.
I see the cold air setting in. I see
cold air starting to set in
up north.
"Well, Brandon, that does that every
time."But
there's
purple in the air.
There's something with the
spiritual atmosphere. There's a
changing of the tide. There's
changing of things, an urgency of the
hour. This is Antichrist.
Lord,
He said, "Brandon, just pray into
it."That's
what He just said. He said, "Brandon,
pray into
it."He
said, "It's not forced.
Rise up above it.
Come up higher with
this."He
said, "Push against
it. It doesn't have right to stay there.
I have my revival.
Push against
it."Oh,
the glory, the glory!
Greater is He that is in me than he that
is in the world. Greater is He that is
in us. The greater one.
What about
shadow?
President Trump is highlighted before
me.
And I see the White House really clear
right now, and he's praying for his
health. "Pray for his health, Brandon.
Pray for him. The enemy is trying to
take him down.
And you must intercede
for him to lift his hands up to finish
this."There's
a lot of people say,
"Well, isn't he... do you think he's the
Antichrist?"No,
he's not the
Antichrist.
No, it's foolishness. These people need
to read their Bibles. It's so much
foolishness. And they try to link things
up because they
try to play like they're
scholars and they're
ignorant. And the Lord said, "This is
not the Antichrist. I'm using him to
bring forth the end-time system.
I'm using him.
Pray for
him."Yes,
he's been under
great attack from the
Luciferian people.
They're attacking his health. They're
attacking his marriage. They're
attacking his children. They're
attacking his stuff. This is what the
Lord said: the Kennedy curse. "They're
trying to take him down. Son, you must
stand on the wall and pray for this man.
Call for prayer."And so we lift up
President Trump before you. We lift up
his wife. We lift up his marriage. We
lift up the decisions that are being
made right now, and we plead the blood
of Jesus Christ over him. That he would
live long and finish strong. That
he would finish what he's called to do
and be strong doing it. We pray over his
legs and over his body, and we call him
healed and whole and well in the mighty
name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hand off of
him. He'll finish what he's called to do
and he'll do it with great victory. We
plead the blood all around President
Trump right now and over Melania and
over their marriage. I pray over their
marriage. I see their marriage has had
some things. We've got to pray for their
marriage. We pray over their marriage
right now in the name of Jesus,
no arrangements.
There's things there. We call mending of
things. We call a mending of
hearts.
Their
business transaction,
calling peace in the midst of the
storms.
I pray peace in the midst of that storm.
Mending,
mending
of hearts, mending of things.
Over the children, I pray peace and a
comfort. And I call over Don Jr. and
over Eric and over the girls. Father, I
pray over Ivanka and over the
children. Father, I thank you, Lord, for
Tiffany.
I thank you, Lord, for the children,
Father. And I pray a protection around
and about them. But as I'm seeing, I see
that the White House is lit
up, and there's lights on inside of the
White House, but there is a dark, heavy,
demonic-looking
fog that's
over the top of that White House,
and it's trying to set in.
And then this demonic—I see it's purples
and grays and all this demonic—and it's
trying to set in over that White House.
And Lord, pray over this. Pray over
him. It's trying to stop him.
This is a demonic assignment.
There's more to it about his heart,
about praying over his circulation,
praying over the circulation, over his
blood flow, over his veins, a
calcification.
I hear the word calcification,
a hardening of arteries,
the skin and the blood flow, and
it's pliable.
I see his legs, I see his hands, I see
his heart. A calcification
plaque—it's
an
attack against his circulatory system
of blood, his blood flow,
but it's all about the heart, an attack
against the heart.
We pray against
any kind of demonic attack against him.
We pray over his heart, we pray over his
mind, we pray
against strokes from stress and
pressure over his arteries. We
say the plaque is removed in the
name of Jesus, and he will live long and
finish strong. We pray over his
marriage, we pray over his body in
the name of Jesus, and we say he's
healed and whole and well, and he will
live long and finish strong.
As I'm looking in over that right now,
over the White House,
I see the lights are on
in the White House.
It's bright inside that White House,
but there's great darkness on the
outside of there. And there is a demonic
storm over that outside.
And now I see Israel. And there's the
same thing over Israel, over
Benjamin Netanyahu's house and the
decisions that are being made concerning
the Antichrist and the end times. It's
over Israel.
These
two are making strategic plans to
push forth the end times.
You hear me? These two men
and the decisions they're making will
push forth the end times and where we
are as the church and as we are in the
end times.
Two strategic people
and the decisions that are being made.
I see the
Wailing
Wall, and I see Benjamin at
the Wailing
Wall. I see
there's—this
is about prayer.
I see Kennedy's face,
John Kennedy, the one that was taken
out,
JFK. I see JFK's face right
now.
I see the black limo right now.
I see JFK very strong right now.
And now I'm taken to Cuba again, and I'm
seeing the Cuban missile crisis.
And it's big. I
see missiles. I see the Cuban missile
crisis.
Amen. Kennedy.
I see Don Jr. very strong right now.
Go to my
heart memorial.
I see Iran.
We'll touch what is important to him.
No,
oh,
I see fallen people
in Iran's army that are passed and
they're gone. And I see their faces on
these signs, and they're
turning pale white and they're falling
down,
and they have army uniforms on and
they're burning. There's fire on these
men and they're burning. They're
in hell;
these men are in hell.
I see this man,
he's in hell.
I tell you what I say,
and then I see Don Jr., and
he looks like the man
on the portrait. And
he's turning white like that, and he's
pulling down, the color is pulling down, the
white is
pulling down. It
looks
like
a
ghost
is
pulling down
on his picture, just like it was. And
then the fire started coming up around
that man in that picture in
Iran—I
see fire on this picture coming up
around him, but that
picture is
burning. And I see Don Jr., and he's
outlined in this old wooden
frame, but it's a beautiful wooden frame
like it would be in a palace,
like a portrait, like an oil-based
painting. And on this oil-based
painting with a wooden frame, I
see John Jr. and his face is fading out
like you see on Back to the Future
when the picture
fades.
Now I see Kai again. I see Kai's face
and she's crying,
and she's weeping.
We
pray a hedge around and about his kids.
We pray a hedge around and about Don Jr.,
we pray around Eric, we pray around the
family.
He has a white tux shirt on,
a
white-looking
formal shirt on, and he has a
black jacket on.
And he has
in his
chest—I
told him
Rose.
Now I see the man that went
down in the plane crash, and it was
Kennedy's son. I see his son and I see
his face before me.
He had black hair, you know,
this man had
dark hair. I don't know
why—it's
not a plane crash that I'm seeing
about
Don Jr.
This is a shot. This is somebody did
something.
He's in a formal event, and it is
right here, and it's red on there, and
I could see him.
We pray for his soul today. Lord, say he
don't know
me like that. You know,
there's
never been a heart
thing—a
saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus
today,
sold out.
We pray over October, we pray over the
month of October
concerning things. We pray
this darkness over the
White House, this darkness trying to set
in over the White House—a depression, a
sadness, a darkness over the
White House,
a sadness.
It's all circling around September. I
see September, a time to remember.
I see a day of sadness. I see
days—I see
a day.
say it will be around the whole thing.
I see the cry. As a
nation, I see a cry, I see a
travail. I see people crying
over this,
a very, very sad day.
I see Melania, and she's wearing
black. Melania is
wearing all black. I see Trump, and he's
wearing all black. There's black on
him—I
don't ever see him wear black.
And she has like a black
net around her face, and she has black
sunglasses on and a black hat on.
It
looks like
pantyhose
on her face,
and she's wearing black
glasses and a black hat. I
see a black dress on, and I see Trump, and
he's wearing a black thing, and
he's barely moving, moving
slow.
And I see Barron, and he's wearing a black
suit with a black tie and a white
shirt.
Barron
is wearing a black...
I see a church.
It looks like the same church that they
went to during the inauguration.
It looks like that kind of church.
This is what could be.
This is what he said: 'This is what
you're seeing, what could be.
I show you what could be.
Pray.
Pray.'I
see across the nation; I see
people crying across the nation. He
said, 'Pray.
This is why I've called you to pray.
This is what could be.
What will you do about it?
They have a plan. What will you do about
it? Use your... and
take a stand. It's time to take a
stand, old church.
It's time to take a
stand.'He's
talking about Biden, too, and
Biden's about to go home. I see
Biden going
home. I see
these things.
But this is not about Biden.
This is about Don Jr. We're praying over
him. He's protected, and we pray over his
life. We pray over
the children, and especially Don Jr.
and Eric. But Eric's in the background
of it, and I see Don at the front.
It's about the men, even Barron. Praying
over Barron, praying over the men of the
family.
The women are in the background, but the
men—it's
the men.
Yep, the men:
Barron,
Eric, and Don, but Don is first,
praying over this man. So, what are
you going to do about it? Change it.
Well, we just rejoice that it's done,
that
he's protected. As we prayed
today, we've changed things.
We put a hedge around
and about him, and no weapon formed
against him will prosper. That's what we
stand on, and that's what our assignment
was today. We're praying over that. Isn't
that interesting how much a demonic
presence
was going, and all of a sudden the
Lord said, 'You don't know, this is
what you're praying against. This is
what's coming against
it.'And
that was so much for us, Diana,
privately, what we talk about, but I'm
just saying, now we get it, now I get it
more.
The enemy doesn't want
him to finish his race,
but Don Jr. has a greater place.
Do you understand? Don Jr. has a greater
place in the future. There's something
there, and he's circled, Don Jr.
He's being groomed.
There's things that are happening with
Don Jr.
God wants to radically save this man.
But things are being said.
I need you to hear me.
Things are being said, and I'm
outside of the White
House, and I'm seeing the courtyard there,
and there's things that are being said. There
are
spirits that are
stationed to listen
about plans that are being set in motion
to try to combat it, and they don't
realize how powerful their words are, and
what they're saying, and what they're
plotting, and what they're planning for
the future.
And because of this,
there's 'critters', is what I'll call them,
that are watchmen on
the demonic side, reporting back to try
to take a divide,
try to stop it.
This is the occult
because they just want America to
go down. The
Luciferians are trying to take America
down.
Pray over his marriage.
Pray over Trump and Melania's marriage.
Pray over their marriage more
and more.
There's an attack there. Pray over their
marriage.
I'm asking you all. I can't do it all.
You know, we're a family, but pray over
the marriage, pray over the children,
pray over this, and then pray over his
health. And these are the assignments
right here,
for wisdom to keep on him,
and then over
Bibi.
There's more there about Bibi and praying
over this relationship, and this is
what's pushing this forth to go to the
end times level, another level, from
Rosh
Hashanah
to
Rosh
Hashanah.
Glory to God. Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord. The Lord said, 'Even
the judges.'I just heard that. 'Even the judges.'Amy
Coney.
Amy Coney Barrett. Coney?
Is
it
Coney
Barrett?
Barrett, the lady.
Praying over the softness of her heart.
There's big decisions that will need her
to make the votes.
We pray a softness of her heart because
the enemy would try to harden her heart
to get her to divide things.
And the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, we
pray a softness over her heart that she
would decide and go on
righteous ways because she is going to
be a deciding
vote.'I
see her face highlighted, and I
said, 'You must pray for her heart to be
softening,
to go into what she used to be,
to be what she used to be,
what she said she
was.'Father,
I thank you, Lord, for the
releasing of
your Holy Spirit on people's hearts,
their minds, their wills, and
emotions,
that you work on them. Holy Spirit,
you're the great fixer,
and I thank you, Lord. Even
Judge Torres, we call the decisions made
and the blockage, the hose to be
unkinked,
and we call things to
double, triple, and quadruple in the
name of Jesus. We say it's time now. Let
the money go. Let it go. And we pray
over Judge Torres and all the decisions,
and we say this is done now in
Jesus'name.
Yes.
And,
and the things, the three
men, let it go now in Jesus'name. I say,
oh, I just saw it just goes digital.
That's interesting. Instantaneous,
digital,
digital.
We thank you, Lord.
There's
more in store than what you see. That's
what he just said. 'There's more in store
than what you see with the natural
eye, with the wealth transfer.
You've got to tap into the greater
rivers.'You've
got to tap into the greater
rivers. You're only seeing the surface
of this new industrial revolution. You
must tap into greater sources. AI. This
is the new
frontier.
There's greater wealth here.?
Don't think so. Surface.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God. Thank you, Lord, for you
are
good and your mercy endures forever.
Well, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord.
I feel that's a good
place to stop today. I'm so thankful
for every single one of you praying for
me.
I'm learning, and there's some
things that you all didn't see that I
had to learn today. And it's like, glory
to God. You know, His mercy is
new every morning, folks, even towards
me, and I'm learning. Glory to
Jesus. And He's showing things about
things to come. So, we just want to say
thank you for joining us today. If you
could do us a favor: click the like
button, subscribe, click the
notification bell. I'm still
pretty heavy with the
anointing on me, so my mind—I'm trying
to make it go 'woo'because I'm still in
intercessory mode—but I
need a break. I appreciate you all
being here, I truly do. Thank you for
being here,
thank you for subscribing, thank you
for clicking the notification bell. And
the best is yet to come, folks.
I'm just so grateful for every single
one of you. Remember, put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you
again tomorrow. Bye-bye.